### RTJ_Language_Study
### Final Project for DS5001, a UVA Course in the MSDS Curriculum
### Project submitted for DS5001, University of Virginia
### Summer 2020, MSDS Program
### Travis Vitello
### tjv9qh@virginia.edu



### This is an exploratory text analytics study focused on the discography of the hip-hop duo Run the Jewels.
### Content includes two Jupyter Notebooks that perform all text acquisition, pre-processing, and processing steps
### as well as two .JPG files used in the notebooks (one of which is the basis for the WordCloud mask).
### Output is generated as .CSV files (both censored and uncensored versions) which is also included.
### From Raf Alvarado of UVA, I've included a salex_nrc.csv file which serves as the EmoLex dictionary used for sentiment analysis.
### Finally, I included my UVA project write-up which the code here supplements.

### Note that in the code itself and displayed output, there should be no adult language
### However, given the nature of the lyrics used as the basis of the corpus in this study, there is adult language!
### User discretion is advised in that regard. Note that I wrote a censorship function that hopefully
### captures nearly all of the adult language; analytically, the code processes the uncensored language
### but displays only the censored versions (meaning I'm basically holding in memory two sets of data simultaneously)!
### This can get resource intense, which is why the separate notebook is used (whereby the CSV files generated by the first notebook
### get read in as input).  If the user wants to start with the second notebook, that's OK --- since all of the .CSV files are there.


### Note that this code can probably be simplified and cleaned up in some places, which I'll certainly consider during future studies!

### Cheers,
### Travis
